            Project proposals
* Erforderlich
Group member 1 - name * Skander Hajri
Group member 1 - SCIPER * 235130
Group member 2 - name *
   Chiara Orvati
Group member 2 - SCIPER * 231027
Group member 3 - name Khalid Omari
Group member 3 - SCIPER 224684

Github pages for the project * https://khalidomari.github.io/DataViz-Project/

Project proposal *
Overview, motivation, target audience. Related work and inspiration. What am I trying to show in the data viz?
       Terrorism is one of the most covered topics by the media. However, it is often
   Terrorism is one of the most covered topics by the media. However, it is often
  the case that only terror attacks on Zrst world countries such as the USA are covered extensively, and the everyday horror in other countries is swept under the carpet. With our dataset we would like to show the global scope of terrorism and the countries which are most affected. As the dates covers a time range from 1970 until present, we hope that we will be able to see a temporal evolution in many aspects: Zrst, in the countries concerned, but also in the terrorist groups conducting the attacks, and in the type of weapons that have been used.
The target audience is the everyday citizen who would like to know more than what is covered by the media, and also learn how terrorist attacks have changed in the past 40 -50 years.

Is it a joint project with another course? *
You can share the project with another course. Yet don't forget that I will judge the Viz part and the expected work should be doubled compared to a non-shared project.
Yes No

Course name and instructor (if yes)
Meine Antwort
      Dataset description *
Dataset description *
   The Global Terrorism Database (GTD) is an open-source database including information on terrorist attacks around the world from 1970 through 2016 (with annual updates planned for the future, year 2017 in progress). The GTD includes systematic data on domestic as well as international terrorist incidents that have occurred during this time period and now includes more than 170,000 cases.
Dataset url (if public)
Meine Antwort
SENDEN
Geben Sie niemals Passwörter über Google Formulare weiter.
      
 
